---
external help file: UiPath.PowerShell.OrchProvider.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: UiPathOrch
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Clear-OrchCache

## SYNOPSIS
Clear the in-memory cache in UiPathOrch drives.

## SYNTAX

```
Clear-OrchCache [[-Path] <String[]>] [-AllDrives] [-ProgressAction <ActionPreference>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The UiPathOrch module caches entities retrieved from the Orchestrator on each drive to optimize response times and reduce the load on the Orchestrator server. In particular, this cache is used to display appropriate candidates for auto-completion of parameter values.

If you want the PowerShell console to reflect updates to entities on Orchestrator (such as creating or removing folders) made via Orchestrator Web or other external applications, clear the in-memory cache with this cmdlet.

For the -Path parameter, specify the drive on which you want to clear the cache. If the -Path parameter is not specified, the cache on the current drive is cleared. If the current drive is not an UiPathOrch drive, the cache on all UiPathOrch drives are cleared.

Primary Endpoint: (none)

OAuth required scopes: (none)

Required permissions: (none)

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS Orch1:\Shared> Clear-OrchCache
```

Clears the in-memory cache on the Orch1: as the current drive.

### Example 2
```powershell
PS C:\> Clear-OrchCache
```

Clears the in-memory cache on all drives managed by UiPathOrch, because the current drive (C:) is not an UiPathOrch drive.

### Example 3
```powershell
PS C:\> Clear-OrchCache -Path Orch1:,Orch2:
```

Clears the in-memory cache on the Orch1: and Orch2: drives.

### Example 4
```powershell
PS Orch1:\> Clear-OrchCache .,Orch2:
```

The current drive can be specified using a period (.), which represents the current location. In this command, the cache is cleared on both the current drive (Orch1:) and Orch2:.

## PARAMETERS

### -Path
Specifies the name of the target drives. If not specified, the current drive will be targeted.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProgressAction
Specifies how PowerShell responds to progress updates generated by the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: ActionPreference
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: proga

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs. The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllDrives
Clears the cache on all UiPathOrch drives regardless of the current location. This parameter cannot be used with the -Path parameter.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
## OUTPUTS

### None
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
