---
external help file: UiPath.PowerShell.OrchProvider.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: UiPathOrch
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-OrchRobot

## SYNOPSIS
Gets robots autoprovisioned from users.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-OrchRobot [[-FullName] <String[]>] [[-Username] <String[]>] [-Path <String[]>]
 [-ProgressAction <ActionPreference>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

Primary Endpoint: GET /odata/Robots/UiPath.Server.Configuration.OData.GetConfiguredRobots?$expand=User

OAuth required scopes: OR.Robots or OR.Robots.Read

Required permissions: Users.View and Robots.View

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS Orch1:\> Get-OrchRobot
```

Retrieves all autoprovisioned robots in the current Orchestrator environment. This shows robots that have been automatically created when users connected from UiPath Studio.

### Example 2
```powershell
PS Orch1:\> Get-OrchRobot myrobot*
```

Retrieves autoprovisioned robots associated with the specific username. Uses the Username parameter for efficient filtering.

### Example 3
```powershell
PS Orch1:\> Get-OrchRobot | Where-Object Type -eq Unattended
```

Retrieves autoprovisioned robots where the full name contains Smith. Uses wildcard pattern filtering with the FullName parameter.

### Example 4
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-OrchRobot -Path Orch1:, Orch2:
```

Retrieves autoprovisioned robots from multiple Orchestrator instances. Demonstrates folder entity operation across multiple environments.

### Example 5
```powershell
PS Orch1:\> Get-OrchRobot | ConvertTo-Json
```

Gets all autoprovisioned robots and converts the output to JSON format for detailed analysis or integration with other systems.

## PARAMETERS

### -FullName
Specifies the FullName of the robots to be retrieved.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: True
```

### -Path
Specifies the name of the target drives. If not specified, the current drive will be targeted.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProgressAction
Determines how PowerShell responds to progress updates generated by this cmdlet. The default value is Continue.

```yaml
Type: ActionPreference
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: proga

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Username
Specifies the UserName of the robots to be retrieved.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: True
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
## OUTPUTS

### UiPath.PowerShell.Entities.Robot
## NOTES

Primary Endpoint: GET /odata/Robots
OAuth required scopes: OR.Robots or OR.Robots.Read
Required permissions: Robots.View

## RELATED LINKS
